Zera fell it's me
we need to talk yes I rather think we do
I assume this is about Armageddon yes
[Music]
how long have we been friends 6000 years
see you under there Crawley : hell are
you playing sends we're not friends we
are an angel
and a dealer we're on opposite side
we're on our side
it's up to me yes we have nothing
whatsoever in common I don't even like
you you do Armageddon is coming then
it's all over
no Morgan fascinating little restaurants
let me no use of all all the book shops
there must be some way of stopping it we
have to work together
[Music]
into the world we're talking about
it won't be the war to end all wars
the rule to end everything
[Music]
why doomed well then welcome to the end
times
[Music]
you